Out with the old, in with the new. Here’s to a new year, here’s to you!
Happy New Year! 2023 isn’t even ready for you!
It seems like just 365 days ago I was saying this, but Happy New Year!
Happy New Year! Here’s to feeling thankful for the year behind and enthusiastic for the year ahead.
HNY! May this one be your best year yet.
Wishing you health, wealth, and new blessings to count each day in 2023.
Bring it on 2023! May all the new adventures be yours this year.
Cheers to another year! Wishing you positive new beginnings in 2023.
A joyful present and a well-remembered past—it’s to these things that we raise a glass!
May you find all you’re looking for (and things you didn’t know you were looking for) this year!
Happy New Year! Look how far you’ve come and don’t forget to have fun!
It’s here! A new year. A new chance to go after your goals. If not now, when? If not you, who?
As seasons change and years come and go, may your blessings always continue to grow! Happy New Year!
As the sun sets on another year, may it rise again and shine light on new opportunities, perspectives, and adventures ahead!
Each new year is a gift of learning, growth, and hope. May your mind and soul be enriched with these things and more in the days to come!
Happy New Year! Every year has its ups and downs, and each one shapes who we are today and who we will be in the future. Onwards and upwards, no regrets!
New year, fresh start, life’s a canvas, begin your art!
“No matter how hard the past is, you can always begin again.” —Jack Kornfield
“The beginning is the most important part of the work.” —Plato
“Learn from yesterday, live for today, hope for tomorrow.”—Albert Einstein
“You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.” —Martin Luther King
“If you focus on what you’ve left behind, you will never be able to see what lies ahead.” —Ratatouille
“Be at war with your vices, at peace with your neighbors, and let every New Year find you a better person.” —Benjamin Franklin
“Enjoy the little things in life, for one day you may look back and realize they were the big things.” —Robert Breault
“Life is a great big canvas, and you should throw all the paint on it you can.”—Danny Kaye
“What a wonderful thought it is that some of the best days of our lives haven’t even happened yet.” —Anne Frank
“The new year stands before us, like a chapter in a book, waiting to be written.” —Melody Beattie
Every year you make a resolution to change yourself. This year, make a resolution to be yourself.
Every year with you is the best one yet... cheers to many more.
Here’s to making more cherished memories in 2023!
I’m so proud of all your accomplishments this year — and I just can’t wait to see what you do in the next.
Whatever the new year has in store, we’ll be in it together. Happy new year to the love of my life.
The best thing I did this year was fall in love with you. Cheers to making more memories together in 2023!
Whatever the new year brings, I know I’ll achieve my goals with you by my side. Happy new year to my forever love!
Time flies when you’re with the love of your life. Cheers to another year together — and forever to go!
The new year brings in new opportunities, but I am forever grateful that all those changes will include having you by my side.
Live it up on New Year's Eve — you've got the whole year to live it down!
Happy New Year! Let's eat, drink, and be merry — for tomorrow we diet!
A New Year's resolution is something that goes in one year and out the other.
May all of your troubles last as long as my New Year's resolutions! Happy New Year!
Before I get drunk, dance on the bar, lose my phone, get naked and get arrested, let me wish you a Happy New Year!
I’m so excited for the new year. Unfortunately, I don’t have to make any resolutions because I am already perfect.